So What's this Agile Stuff?
Let's try something called 'agile'.
Great!
So no more documentation and planning?
Oh, help us all!
Agile does not mean cutting corners.
It is simply a new process and a new way of thinking.
Agile Myths.
You may have heard that Agile has no Process,
doesn't have Documentation, doesn't believe in requirements gathering,
or that Agile doesn't follow a plan.
All of these are false.
Agile has processes, documentation, requirements gathering,
plans, and much more.
The difference is that Agile values individuals and
interactions over processes and tools.
You'll still need quality processes and tools, but focus on individuals.
Working software over comprehensive documentation; you
still need forms of documentation, working software is more important.
Also, Agile values customer collaboration over contract negotiation.
Also, responding to change over following a plan.
Plans are important, but plans need to be responsive to change,
rather than the other way around.
Agile vs.
Waterfall.
Requirements gathering and the development of software are tightly coupled.
You need to certainly know some amount of the
requirements before you write any code.
Traditionally, the Waterfall development process begins with Requirements,
then Design, Development, Testing, and finally Deployment.
In fact, most organizations still develop software this way.
The Waterfall approach is a rigid process and not resilient to change.
This can be more risky in meeting our customer's needs,
especially if the requirements process was a year or two,
and the development of the software was two,
maybe even four years.
A better approach would be to interweave,
if you will,
the requirements and the software development processes into smaller,
iterative 'chunks' also commonly known as sprints.
Therefore, in your role of gathering requirements,
you will need to adapt from developing your requirements all 'up front' to
a model where you develop them in an iterative fashion.
The Adaptive Process.
The term 'adaptive' is a common descriptor of the Agile process.
As we discussed and made very clear in the last module,
requirements are guaranteed to be uncertain and unpredictable.
Therefore, you need to constantly adapt and re-plan your work and activities.
Well, in a nutshell, that is Agile.
To take this even further,
wouldn't it be great if …"we could figure out a way to deliver software so fast
that our customers don't have time to change their minds.
" This is a great quote from Tom Poppendieck,
author of several books on Agile and Lean principles.
Users are not necessarily indecisive, but dynamic business demands,
drive unpredictable changes.
This is a very key element to understand and appreciate,
and this is why Agile requirements techniques are
important to learn and understand.
The Agile Philosophy.
Fundamentally different than traditional development,
usually waiting months and months, even years for software.
Highest priority to satisfy the customer.
Accomplished by early and continuous delivery of
immediately usable requirements and software.
An environment where changing requirements are welcomed,
even late in development.
Provides a more flexible approach to requirements management.
This is where you come in.
In Module 2,
we went from user stories to some pretty robust and
detailed requirement specifications.
We will see in the coming slides,
how we will break up that into shorter durations and a just in time approach.
Early delivery, value added requirements. Customers realize and appreciate a much greater return on investment.